REMAINING TASKS!!!

TASK -> go to the 2D calibration step and focus on a small secton of the image which has no considerable sources. 
    Don't perform the masking step and then see what happens if you use the median value of that background for the whole image.
    Will it improve matters or make it worse?

TASK -> Change binning (before or after calibration?) 

TASK -> Test to see if stacking makes any difference

TASK -> find out what role does the choice of aperture in image with three apertures plays as opposed to the ones defined by 
        radii=[3,4,5,6,8,10,12,15,20,25] ## aperture radii in pixels -> and used for plotting the light curves???

TASK -> PROBLEM: After Calibration, my calibrated light frames included negative count values.
        Part of this was solved using trim only and not overscan. 
        But after removing 2d bkgd still some negative regions exist. need to fix that.
        DON'T TELL ANYONE! I am defining masks but not using them :O


3. Is a Small Deviation Between Median and RMS Median Always Good?

Ideally, you want a background estimate that’s smooth and consistent. A small deviation between the median and RMS median suggests 
a more uniform background.
But, it’s not always a guarantee. It depends on the nature of your data. If your data has inherent variability, you might not be 
able to achieve a very small deviation.
Prioritize Accuracy: The primary goal is to get an accurate representation of the background, even if it means some variability
is present. The choice of sigma clipping and other parameters should be driven by achieving accurate results, not just minimizing
the deviation between median and RMS.

!!!! I examined by hand in DS9 Negative Values of 2d bkgd come from the outputs of step 8 -> light minus master dark or flat. 
It seems that maybe it is not a problem of the choice of sigma in Sigmaclipping in 2d bkgd estimation. -> more investigation necessary
# --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
